README.md, before:

# Mateus R Campos

👋 Hi, I'm Mateus!

I am a Computer Science student with a rich background in Agronomy and Entomology, specializing in ecotoxicology and biological control. I have experiencie science with technology, I am transitioning into IT with a focus on data analysis and software development. Currently, I am expanding my skill set by diving into React, React Native, and backend development, and applying this knowledge to innovative personal projects that merge scientific insight with modern technology.

Let's connect! 🚀

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect%20Profissional-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mateus-ribeiro-de-campos-6a135331)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/channels/@_mateuscampos/)
[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=x)](https://x.com/@MateusR1Campos)


## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### **Languages:**

![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-7F52FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=Kotlin&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white)

### **Markup and Style Languages:**

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown)

### **IDEs:**

![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-22a6f1?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)
![NetBeans](https://img.shields.io/badge/NetBeans-327ac4?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache%20netbeans%20ide&logoColor=white)
![Eclipse](https://img.shields.io/badge/Eclipse-071643?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipse&logoColor=white)
![Vim](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vim-3b883b?style=for-the-badge&logo=vim&logoColor=white)
![Neovim](https://img.shields.io/badge/Neovim-3b883b?logo=neovim&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)

### **Frameworks & Tools:**

![Qt](https://img.shields.io/badge/Qt-%23217346.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Qt&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring-boot&logoColor=white)

![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-1d63ed?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Postman&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-696969?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=figma)

### **Databases**

![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-3e6e93?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-2b5e7d?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)

## 📊 GitHub Analytics

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <img src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api?username=mateusribeirocampos&show_icons=true&theme=dark&include_all_commits=true" alt="Estatísticas GitHub">
    </td>
    <td>
      <img src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mateusribeirocampos&layout=compact&theme=dark&hide=html,css" alt="Linguagens Mais Usadas">
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2">
      <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=mateusribeirocampos&theme=dark&border_radius=5" alt="GitHub Streak" />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## 🏆 Conquistas
[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=mateusribeirocampos&theme=onedark&rank=SSS,SS,S,AAA,AA,A,B,C)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)
<div>
<div>
  <a href="https://wakatime.com/@018d1435-2bbc-41f2-9c8e-18d6109531a4"><img src="https://wakatime.com/badge/user/018d1435-2bbc-41f2-9c8e-18d6109531a4.svg" alt="Total time coded since Jan 16 2024" /></a>
</div>
  <a>
    <img height="100" src="https://media2.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExMjJxb3Jtem1neGU3dm8wN3E5YzFzeG9hbHVjOWViNDZ6YWZwMGNveSZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/rwiTOXmYsb6uD3BeM6/giphy.gif" width="1050" alt="image">
  </a>
</div>

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->

```txt
From: 16 January 2024 - To: 11 June 2025

Total Time: 1,609 hrs 1 min

C++                  299 hrs 46 mins ███▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   13.39 %
JavaScript           266 hrs 8 mins  ███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   11.89 %
Java                 231 hrs 19 mins ██▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   10.33 %
TypeScript           170 hrs 9 mins  ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   07.60 %
Kotlin               100 hrs 42 mins █░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   04.50 %
CSS                  70 hrs 24 mins  ▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   03.14 %
Markdown             58 hrs 25 mins  ▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   02.61 %
HTML                 48 hrs 33 mins  ▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   02.17 %
C                    46 hrs 14 mins  ▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   02.07 %
```

<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

[![Visits Badge](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=mateusribeirocampos&style=flat-square&color=blue)](https://github.com/mateusribeirocampos)

Commit message:

chore: updates in featured projects and badges

README.md, after:

# Mateus R Campos

👋 Hi, I'm Mateus!

I am a Computer Science student with a rich background in Agronomy and Entomology, specializing in ecotoxicology and biological control. I have experience in science with technology, I am transitioning into IT with a focus on data analysis and software development. Currently, I am expanding my skill set by diving into React, React Native, and backend development, and applying this knowledge to innovative personal projects that merge scientific insight with modern technology.

Let's connect! 🚀

[![Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://portfolio-mateusribeirocampos.vercel.app/en)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect%20Profissional-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mateus-ribeiro-de-campos-6a135331)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/channels/@_mateuscampos/)
[![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=x)](https://x.com/@MateusR1Campos)

---

## 💼 Featured Projects

[![Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-Next.js-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/mateusribeirocampos/portfolio)

- _My personal portfolio built with Next.js and TailwindCSS._

[![Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Estrutura_de_Dados-C++-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/mateusribeirocampos/Estrutura_de_Dados)

- _Data structure implementations in C++._

[![Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dragenda-JavaScript-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/mateusribeirocampos/dragenda)

- _Online medical appointment management system built with Vite, React, Node.js and Expo._

[![Repo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Agro2Code%20Blog-Astro-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/mateusribeirocampos/agro2code-blog)

- _Blog built with Astro focused on agronomy and technology._

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### **Languages:**

![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-7F52FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=Kotlin&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white)

### **Markup and Style Languages:**

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown)

### **IDEs:**

![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-22a6f1?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white)
![NetBeans](https://img.shields.io/badge/NetBeans-327ac4?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache%20netbeans%20ide&logoColor=white)
![Eclipse](https://img.shields.io/badge/Eclipse-071643?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipse&logoColor=white)
![Vim](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vim-3b883b?style=for-the-badge&logo=vim&logoColor=white)
![Neovim](https://img.shields.io/badge/Neovim-3b883b?logo=neovim&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)

### **Frameworks & Tools:**

![Qt](https://img.shields.io/badge/Qt-%23217346.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Qt&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring-boot&logoColor=white)

![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-1d63ed?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Postman&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-696969?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=figma)

### **Databases**

![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-3e6e93?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-2b5e7d?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)

---

## 📊 GitHub Analytics

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <img src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api?username=mateusribeirocampos&show_icons=true&theme=dark&include_all_commits=true" alt="Estatísticas GitHub">
    </td>
    <td>
      <img src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mateusribeirocampos&layout=compact&theme=dark&hide=html,css" alt="Linguagens Mais Usadas">
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td colspan="2">
      <img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=mateusribeirocampos&theme=dark&border_radius=5" alt="GitHub Streak" />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

## 🏆 Conquistas

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=mateusribeirocampos&theme=onedark&rank=SSS,SS,S,AAA,AA,A,B,C)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)
<div>
<div>
  <a href="https://wakatime.com/@018d1435-2bbc-41f2-9c8e-18d6109531a4"><img src="https://wakatime.com/badge/user/018d1435-2bbc-41f2-9c8e-18d6109531a4.svg" alt="Total time coded since Jan 16 2024" /></a>
</div>
  <a>
    <img height="100" src="https://media2.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExMjJxb3Jtem1neGU3dm8wN3E5YzFzeG9hbHVjOWViNDZ6YWZwMGNveSZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/rwiTOXmYsb6uD3BeM6/giphy.gif" width="1050" alt="image">
  </a>
</div>

<!--START_SECTION:waka-->

```txt
From: 16 January 2024 - To: 11 June 2025

Total Time: 1,609 hrs 1 min

C++                  299 hrs 46 mins ███▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   13.39 %
JavaScript           266 hrs 8 mins  ███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   11.89 %
Java                 231 hrs 19 mins ██▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   10.33 %
TypeScript           170 hrs 9 mins  ██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   07.60 %
Kotlin               100 hrs 42 mins █░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   04.50 %
CSS                  70 hrs 24 mins  ▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   03.14 %
Markdown             58 hrs 25 mins  ▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   02.61 %
HTML                 48 hrs 33 mins  ▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   02.17 %
C                    46 hrs 14 mins  ▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   02.07 %
```

### Total coding time tracked since Jan 2024

<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

[![Visits Badge](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=mateusribeirocampos&style=flat-square&color=blue)](https://github.com/mateusribeirocampos)
